Add infra retry in case of installation failure (78) on Android (#7682)
dotnet/arcade: src/Microsoft.DotNet.Helix/JobSender/Readme.md

```

### Hello World

> This will print out `'Hai Wurld!'` in the work item's console log. Please notice that the command for Windows is placed inside a bat script file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will print out `'Hai Wurld!'` in the work item's console log. Please note the command for Windows is placed inside a bat script file.
```

Reviewer: Is this really true?

And for Linux it is executed directly from Python?

Author: No, for Linux it is inside shell https://github.com/dotnet/arcade/blob/e7ede87875f41a9b3df898ae08da5ebc96e24f56/src/Microsoft.DotNet.Helix/JobSender/IWorkItemDefinitionWithCommand.cs

Author: Should I add it?

Reviewer: I would be explicit if we want to add this for Windows only, it looks like the behaviour is special on Windows.

What is the reason you want to add it to the docs btw? I don't think I follow

Author: I make ps1 script for physical devices and don't understand why it's not running. It wasn't mentioned in docs except one link I provided above

Author: Updated, pointing out cmd for Windows and shell for Linux/OSX

```

### Hello World
This will print out `'Hai Wurld!'` in the work item's console log.

> Please note the command supplied is executing as a Windows command line command and as a shell command in Linux/OSX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note the command supplied is executing as a Windows command line command on Windows queues and as a shell command on Linux and OSX queues.
```
